Cloud Engineering Summit content (#4561)
pulumi/docs: archetypes/webinar/index.md

    learn:
        - ""

# This section contains the transcript for a video. It is optional.
transcript: |

>     Here is where you would put the transcrip to a recorded video.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Here is where you would put the transcript for a recorded video.
```
